Account Cleanup and Webfinger (#420)
owncloud/docs-client-desktop: modules/ROOT/pages/installing.adoc

* Finally apply any icon of your choice to the synchronization folder.

== Connection Wizard

> When all is setup and the app has been started for the first time, you will be directed to the xref:using.adoc#connection-wizard[Connection Wizard] to setup a new synchronisation connection. The connection wizard will always be shown if no connection has been setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all is set up and the app has been started for the first time, you will be directed to the xref:using.adoc#connection-wizard[Connection Wizard] to set up a new synchronization connection. The connection wizard will always be shown if no connection has been set up.
```
